    How is a bubble sort algorithm implemented? (solution)
    How is a merge sort algorithm implemented? (solution)
    How do you count the occurrence of a given character in a string? (solution)
    How do you print the first non-repeated character from a string? (solution)
    How do you convert a given String into int like the atoi()? (solution)
    How do you implement a bucket sort algorithm? (solution)
    How do you implement a counting sort algorithm? (solution)
    How do you remove duplicates from an array in place? (solution)
    How do you reverse an array in place in Java? (solution)
    How are duplicates removed from an array without using any library? (solution)
    How is a radix sort algorithm implemented? (solution)
    How do you swap two numbers without using the third variable? (solution)
    How do you check if two rectangles overlap with each other? (solution)
    How do you design a vending machine? (solution)
    How do you find the missing number in a given integer array of 1 to 100? (solution)
    How do you find the duplicate number on a given integer array? (solution)
    How do you find duplicate numbers in an array if it contains multiple duplicates? (solution)
    Difference between a stable and unstable sorting algorithm? (answer)
    How is an iterative quicksort algorithm implemented? (solution)
    How do you find the largest and smallest number in an unsorted integer array? (solution)
    How do you reverse a linked list in place? (solution)
    How to add an element at the middle of the linked list? (solution)
    How do you sort a linked list in Java? (solution)
    How do you find all pairs of an integer array whose sum is equal to a given number? (solution)
    How do you implement an insertion sort algorithm? (solution)
    How are duplicates removed from a given array in Java? (solution)
    how to remove the duplicate character from String? (solution)
    How to find the maximum occurring character in a given String? (solution)
    How is an integer array sorted in place using the quicksort algorithm? (solution)
    How do you reverse a given string in place? (solution)
    How do you print duplicate characters from a string? (solution)
    How do you check if two strings are anagrams of each other? (solution)
    How do you find all the permutations of a string? (solution)
    How can a given string be reversed using recursion? (solution)
    How do you check if a given string is a palindrome? (solution)
    How do you find the length of the longest substring without repeating characters? (solution)
    Given string str, How do you find the longest palindromic substring in str? (solution)
    How do you check if a string contains only digits? (solution)
    How to remove Nth Node from the end of a linked list? (solution)
    How to merge two sorted linked lists? (solution)
    How to convert a sorted list to a binary search tree? (solution)
    How do you find duplicate characters in a given string? (solution)
    How do you count the number of vowels and consonants in a given string? (solution)
    How do you reverse words in a given sentence without using any library method? (solution)
    How do you check if two strings are a rotation of each other? (solution)
    How to convert a byte array to String? (solution)
    How do you remove a given character from String? (solution)
    How do you find the middle element of a singly linked list in one pass? (solution)
    How do you check if a given linked list contains a cycle? How do you find the starting node of the cycle? (solution)
    How do you reverse a linked list? (solution)
    How do you reverse a singly linked list without recursion? (solution)
    How are duplicate nodes removed in an unsorted linked list? (solution)
    How do you find the length of a singly linked list? (solution)
    How do you find the third node from the end in a singly linked list? (solution)
    How do you find the sum of two linked lists using Stack? (solution)
    What is the difference between array and linked list? (answer)
    How to remove duplicates from a sorted linked list? (solution)
    How to find the node at which the intersection of two singly linked lists begins. (solution)
    Given a linked list and a value x, partition it such that all nodes less than x come before nodes greater than or equal to x. (solution)
    How to check if a given linked list is a palindrome? (solution)
    How to remove all elements from a linked list of integers which matches with given value? (solution)
    How is a binary search tree implemented? (solution)
    How do you perform preorder traversal in a given binary tree? (solution)
    How do you traverse a given binary tree in preorder without recursion? (solution)
    How do you perform an inorder traversal in a given binary tree? (solution)
    How do you print all nodes of a given binary tree using inorder traversal without recursion? (solution)
    How do you implement a postorder traversal algorithm? (solution)
    How do you traverse a binary tree in postorder traversal without recursion? (solution)
    How are all leaves of a binary search tree printed? (solution)
    How do you count a number of leaf nodes in a given binary tree? (solution)
    How do you perform a binary search in a given array? (solution)
    How to Swap two numbers without using the third variable? (solution)
    How to check if two rectangles overlap with each other? (solution)
    How to design a Vending Machine? (solution)
    How to implement an LRU Cache in your favorite programming language? (solution)
    How to check if a given number is a Palindrome? (solution)
    How to check if a given number is an Armstrong number? (solution)
    How to find all prime factors of a given number? (solution)
    How to check if a given number is positive or negative in Java? (solution)
    How to find the largest prime factor of a given integral number? (solution)
    How to print all prime numbers up to a given number? (solution)
    How to print Floyd’s triangle? (solution)
    How to print Pascal’s triangle? (solution)
    How to calculate the square root of a given number? (solution)
    How to check if the given number is a prime number? (solution)
    How to add two numbers without using the plus operator in Java? (solution)
    How to check if a given number is even/odd without using the Arithmetic operator? (solution)
    How to print a given Pyramid structure? (solution)
    How to find the highest repeating world from a given file in Java? (solution)
    How to reverse a given Integer in Java? (solution)
    How to convert a decimal number to binary in Java? (solution)
    How to check if a given year is a leap year in Java? (solution)
    Can you implement a Binary search Algorithm without recursion? (solution)
    Difference between a stable and unstable sorting algorithm? (answer)
    What is Depth First Search Algorithm for a binary tree? (solution)
    How is an iterative quicksort algorithm implemented? (solution)
    How do you implement an insertion sort algorithm? (solution)
    How is a merge sort algorithm implemented? (solution)
    What is the difference between Comparison and Non-Comparison Sorting Algorithms? (answer)
    How do implement Sieve of Eratosthenes Algorithms for Prime Number? (solution)


Interview Questions

    1. What is immutable class
    2. Describe use cases of immutable in Java
    3. For which scenario, you will create immutable class- Think of Scenario.
    4. What are existing immutable class in Java except String.
    5. How does JVM gets to know the memory location of Hashmap internally. - Cache. How does JVM stores Cache.
    Answer Question
    1. Design Principles - Solid - Explain
    2. What are different design pattern you have worked upon.
    3. Write production ready code for Observer Design pattern - Time 15 min.
    4. Where have you used Singleton Design pattern. Examples in Java class library
    Answer Question
    1. How does Hash map works internally.
    2. Explain collision scenario.
    3. Changes in Hash map in Java 8
    4. What is load factor in Hash Map
    5. How do you change the load factor.
    Answer Question
    1. Difference between Linkedlist & ArrayList
    2. How does linkedlist work internally.
    3. If you need to insert element, which will you choose.
    4. ArrayList - Random access . Explain
    Answer Question
    1. Given Code snippet- Custom class - Employee
    Write equals & hashcode method for it.
    2. How will you make Employee class good candidate for hashmap.
    3. Complexity of ArrayList - Search Operation & Insertion operation.
    Answer Question
    1. In Multi threading - how does notify, wait works internally.
    2. If you define notify and wait method in Thread class what will happen
    3. What are different ways to define thread in Java
    4. Except thread & runnable what are other ways to define thread- Reentrant Lock
    5. How does Re-entrant lock works
    6. Write code for reentrant lock implementation.
    7. How does executor framework works?
    8. How will you define if you have to make thread pool constant not growable and not by using newFixThreadPool().
    9. What is difference between core thread & pool thread.
    10. What are atomic classes in Java.
    11. How does concurrency works in Java. Brief explanation on working on concurrent hashmap.
    Few more multithreading questions ..
    Answer Question
    Java 8 questions
    1. What is lambda expression
    2. Different predefined functional interface
    3. Why static and default method is introduced in Interface.
    4. Code snippet on streams  implementation
    5. Output code snippet.
    Answer Question
    Hibernate Questions
    1. What is n+1 problem ?
    2. What is difference between get & load method.
    3. Explain hibernate architecture.